The data in BaseGateList and BaseRoomList was generated by dumping all transition points in the game in an automated process. We are seeking community assistance to review the data, both for use in Doorwarp, and for future use with the transition randomizer.

## Review Checklist for Rooms in BaseRoomList
1. Is it possible to Doorwarp to every transition in the room?
  - Note any transition in the room which is not in the door list.
  - Note any transition which cannot be doorwarped to due to a collider that pushes Hornet out of bounds or back into the transition.
  - Note any transition where Hornet is not visible due to a mask or other graphical layer.
2. Does the Flip button's output match with where each transition actually leads?
  - Note any transitions where Flip fails. There are some rooms/transitions missing from the data set.
2. Are there any special transitions?
  - Note any transitions which are made up of multiple objects. For example, note if top1/top2 tile a continguous area, so that these can be marked as aliases of one another.
  - Note nonstandard transitions (e.g. transitions with variable destination such as Room_Caravan_Spa[left1], transitions to memories or silk hearts, and so on).
3. Is the map area correct? Is the titled area correct?
- The map area should be determined by which quick map displays for the room, or for nearby neighbors for a room where quick map is unavailable.
- The titled area should be selected as the most appropriate from the TitledAreaNames list. Titled areas are areas where the name appears onscreen when entering, either centered or in the corner (e.g. Bone Bottom, Mosshome, Brightvein, etc). The name doesn't have to appear onscreen in every room that makes up the area; as long as it appears on screen for one, any other room that is logically part of the titled area should be tagged as such.
4. After reviewing the room, add any notes to Notes.md, and remove the "ManuallyReviewed = false" line from the room entry in BaseRoomsList in a pull request. You can also put a message in #benchwarp in the modding server instead of a pull request.